Hardware recommendation edits (#1371)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.5/installation/recommended-hardware.md

See the [recommended configuration](#backend-recommended-configuration) for production recommendations.

* 64-bit Intel or AMD CPU
* 4 GB RAM
* 4 GB free disk space
* 10 mbps network link

### Backend recommended configuration

The following configuration is recommended as a baseline for production use to ensure a good user and operator
experience. Using additional
resources (even over-provisioning) further improves stability and
scalability.

* 64 bit 4-core Intel or AMD CPU
* 8 GB RAM
* SSD (NVMe or SATA3)
* Gigabit ethernet

The Sensu backend is typically CPU and storage intensive. In general, its use of
these resources scales linearly with the total number of
checks executed by all Sensu agents connecting to the backend.

The Sensu backend is a massively parallel application that can scale to
any number of CPU cores. Provision roughly 1 CPU core for every 50
checks per second (including agent keepalives).
Most installations are fine with 4 CPU cores, but larger installations
may find that additional CPU cores (8+) are necessary.

Every executed Sensu check results in storage writes. When

> provisioning storage, a good rule of thumb is to have twice as many

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provisioning storage, a good guideline is to have twice as many
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed in https://github.com/sensu/sensu-docs/pull/1371/commits/fac248bb22988a0f5347388f32fac7a6135a701b
